% interactcadsample.tex
% v1.03 - April 2017

\documentclass[]{interact}

\usepackage{epstopdf}% To incorporate .eps illustrations using PDFLaTeX, etc.
\usepackage{subfigure}% Support for small, `sub' figures and tables
%\usepackage[nolists,tablesfirst]{endfloat}% To `separate' figures and tables from text if required

\usepackage{natbib}% Citation support using natbib.sty
\bibpunct[, ]{(}{)}{;}{a}{}{,}% Citation support using natbib.sty
\renewcommand\bibfont{\fontsize{10}{12}\selectfont}% Bibliography support using natbib.sty

\theoremstyle{plain}% Theorem-like structures provided by amsthm.sty
\newtheorem{theorem}{Theorem}[section]
\newtheorem{lemma}[theorem]{Lemma}
\newtheorem{corollary}[theorem]{Corollary}
\newtheorem{proposition}[theorem]{Proposition}

\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{definition}[theorem]{Definition}
\newtheorem{example}[theorem]{Example}

\theoremstyle{remark}
\newtheorem{remark}{Remark}
\newtheorem{notation}{Notation}

% see https://stackoverflow.com/a/47122900

% Pandoc citation processing

\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\def\tightlist{}


\begin{document}

\articletype{ORIGINAL RESEARCH ARTICLE}

\title{A potential biological correlate of \emph{design intent} for Gary
dart points from the American Southeast?}


\author{\name{Robert Z. Selden, Jr.$^{a}$, John E. Dockall$^{b}$}
\affil{$^{a}$Heritage Research Center, Stephen F. Austin State
University; Department of Biology, Stephen F. Austin State University;
Cultural Heritage Department, Jean Monnet
University; $^{b}$Cox\textbar McClain Environmental Consultants, Inc.}
}

\thanks{CONTACT Robert Z. Selden,
Jr.. Email: \href{mailto:zselden@sfasu.edu}{\nolinkurl{zselden@sfasu.edu}}, John
E.
Dockall. Email: \href{mailto:johnd@coxmcclain.com}{\nolinkurl{johnd@coxmcclain.com}}}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
Abstract here.
\end{abstract}

\begin{keywords}
archaeoinformatics; geometric morphometrics; museum studies; digital
humanities; mental model
\end{keywords}

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

The great majority of dart point types recovered from archaeological
sites in the American Southeast are defined on the basis of shape, which
is the defining characteristic of a morphological type \citep{RN8233}.

\hypertarget{acknowledgments}{%
\section*{Acknowledgments}\label{acknowledgments}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Acknowledgments}

We extend our gratitude to the Poverty Point World Heritage Site,
University of Arkansas Museum, and Texas Archeological Research
Laboratory for the requisite permissions and access needed to generate
scans of the Gary dart points. Thanks to \ldots{} for their comments on
the analysis of Gary dart point shape.

RZS extends his gratitude to Christian S. Hoggard and David K. Thulman
for their thoughtful comments and constructive criticisms of the
landmarking protocol used in this study
(\href{https://github.com/aksel-blaise/gahaganmorph2/blob/master/analysis/landmarking-protocol.md}{\texttt{LM3d1}}),
as well as the landmarking protocol for Gahagan bifaces that will be
used in the next iteration of these analytical efforts
(\href{https://seldenlab.github.io/gahaganmorph.3/landmarking-protocol-3d2.html}{\texttt{LM3d2}});
to Martin Hinz for fielding questions related to the \texttt{oxcAAR}
package and Derek Hamilton for his guidance with the chronological
models; and to Dean C. Adams, Michael L. Collyer, Emma Sherratt, Lauren
Butaric, and Kersten Bergstrom for their constructive criticisms,
general comments, and suggestions throughout the development of this
research program.

\hypertarget{funding}{%
\section*{Funding}\label{funding}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Funding}

Components of this analytical work flow were developed and funded by a
Preservation Technology and Training grant (P14AP00138) to RZS from the
National Center for Preservation Technology and Training (NCPTT), and
additional grants to RZS from the Caddo Tribe of Oklahoma, National
Forests and Grasslands in Texas (15-PA-11081300-033) and the United
States Forest Service (20-PA-11081300-074). Funding to scan the Gary
dart points from the Poverty Point World Heritage Site, University of
Arkansas Museum, and Texas Archeological Research Laboratory was
provided to RZS by the National Forests ad Grasslands in Texas
(15-PA-11081300-033).

\hypertarget{data-management}{%
\section*{Data management}\label{data-management}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Data management}

The analysis code associated with this project can be accessed through
this document or the
\href{https://github.com/seldenlab/gahaganmorph.3}{GitHub} repository,
which is digitally curated on the Open Science Framework
\href{https://osf.io/y7b39/}{DOI: 10.17605/OSF.IO/Y7B39}. The
reproducible nature of this undertaking provides a means for others to
critically assess and evaluate the various analytical components
\citep{RN8312,RN8313,RN8299}, which is a necessary requirement for the
production of reliable knowledge.

Reproducibility projects in \href{https://osf.io/ezcuj/}{psychology} and
\href{https://www.cos.io/rpcb}{cancer biology} are impacting current
research practices across all domains. Examples of reproducible research
are becoming more abundant in archaeology
\citep{RN8207,RN8965,RN8154,RN8318,RN9364}, and the next generation of
archaeologists are learning those tools and methods needed to reproduce
and/or replicate research results \citep{RN10760}. Reproducible and
replicable research work flows are often employed at the highest levels
of humanities-based inquiries to mitigate concern or doubt regarding
proper execution, and is of particular import should the results
have---explicitly or implicitly---a major impact on scientific progress
\citep{RN10761}.

\bibliographystyle{tfcad}
\bibliography{interactcadsample.bib}


\input{"appendix.tex"}


\end{document}
